this is Jacob with JND photography
bringing you a review of the Sunseeker
application for iPhone the Sunseeker
application is an app that allows you to
track position of the Sun with anywhere
on earth on any day and any time it
works by giving you a 3d view of the
world through your iPhone screen here we
have the main interface of Sunseeker
just like a compass it shows north south
east and west
in addition it shows the direction of
the Sun and its duration under details
there are several tables annual rises
set times annual elevations and
durations today's solar path in today's
Rises culminates sets daylight duration
and max elevation under annual rise and
set times there are set of dates and
times these times show the rise and set
a beach Sun on a certain day
under annual elevations and durations
there are also a set of dates degrees
and times the degrees correlate to the
height of the Sun and the times
correlate to the length of daylight
today's solar path has x degrees in
elevation
the Matt button shows your current
location as well as the current Sun
position as indicated by the time
the default map type is hybrid but at a
time you can change it to the streets
satellite or back to hybrid this is very
useful if you're trying to figure out if
there's going to be anything in the way
of the Sun such as a large mountain or
trees or building
the very useful function of Sunseeker is
the ability to type in locations say
that I'm a New York based photographer
trying to do a shoot in Las Vegas all I
have to do is type in Las Vegas under
the search function and there I am
as with all Google Maps this mat is able
to be zoomed in or out or dragged to
find the location that you're looking
for
hey there's Cesar's balance by tapping
on the screen you can see the current
position of the Sun
to return to your original position
simply click the home button
under the stay button we were able to
search for future dates for sunrises
sunsets or whatever needs you might have
let's go with July the 18th 2001 on the
main interface we can see as the Sun
moves through the past changing its
position in relationship to the earth
the 3d view of sunseekers by far the
best feature offering in 3d augmented
reality which can be seen through your
iPhone screen by moving your iPhone or
the program superimposes the path of the
song on the screen allowing you to see
into the future before into the paths
the green line represents the horizon
the yellow line represents the path of
the Sun all of these tools put together
offered the photographer a very
intuitive way of tracking the Sun even
when he's not physically present at the
location of the shoot so what do I think
about this application well as a
photographer I can say that I absolutely
love this app it makes my life so much
easier I don't have to go anywhere to
find out with the Sun where the Sun will
rise were set all I have to do is pull
out my app booted up type in the
coordinates find out what time of day I
want to shoot and I'm done that's it no
problem so if you are any kind of
natural life target or I would highly
suggest this application anyone this is
Jacob with J and D photography signing
off please like and subscribe